Chloe Lannert: If you, why don't you get up here and talk us through what you what you did?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Trina Das: Just one second. I'm just opening my calendar.
Chloe Lannert: There is. But
Chloe Lannert: no, you you did a good job yesterday. Everyone told me afterwards I was like, well, you have a better pitch, and not, you know, a lot of you all came up, of course, but when this one came up it was, Oh, the French guy!
Chloe Lannert: I really like the French pan with the little grip.
Chloe Lannert: You're welcome, all right. So this deck is only like 60 slides, so bear with me.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, I'll do it.
Chloe Lannert: There are no rules.
Chloe Lannert: Think that's it. Yours who know this.
Chloe Lannert: we'll be both okay and take notes.
Chloe Lannert: so screen. Speaking criteria, we decided to speak with Director of Help Center or any other relevant person. We think that the same process might differ a bit based on the university and the timing of the acquisition. But to purchase ability, software or demo software less than 3 years ago.
Chloe Lannert: I know it's a timeline that it's a bit different from what we've said. Yes, we'll touch upon on the challenges, but it's like companies who have been around a long, a long time. So it's it makes sense for us to say, like less than 3 years ago.
Chloe Lannert: and it should be a real purchase like real customers. I'm telling this because we search. And then sometimes it's like results of a partnership. Or, you know, they go through something a bit different and offer it for free. So we don't want that because they're gonna have become like a real decision to hire the
Chloe Lannert: the software, all right.
Chloe Lannert: And what we've done so far. I actually. But basically one of the key thing that that we've done is deciding who we want to review. I don't know if all of you guys know that we have like different products. So we're gonna try with the university 1st about this and then identify people. So basically, we're talking about like any
Chloe Lannert: software like that is identifying when they took the decision to hire it. Because it's often not displayed like, yeah, we have this, and we don't know when? So that was the thing and then identify the key decision makers at the time. So our assumption is that it's director of Care centers who took the
Chloe Lannert: the decision. Sometimes we found articles online about, like, Oh, we have this new tool available. And there's like people talking like a person talking about it. So we assume that he's not the decision maker. And all the time we're like, all right, let's just dive in
Chloe Lannert: the director of the Repair center.
Chloe Lannert: And so that's kind of like what we've done so far, so excited, who they hired when they hired and who they want to target.
Chloe Lannert: and so how to do that. Just search on that complexity. And like deep research online about like, yeah, we got this new tool blah blah. And if there's anyone like in the article we're talking about.
Chloe Lannert: And the challenges.
Chloe Lannert: so being that has been around for a while, that's 1 of the things why, we say 3 years ago, instead of like
Chloe Lannert: 6 months. We haven't seen anyone, one or 2 people who have done it 6 months ago, probably the highest priority targets and no intro for now. But that's something that we are working on.
Chloe Lannert: This is great, so as far as ways that you think we can help
Chloe Lannert: like the like. What you guys did is basically what I was hoping to see. What can progress look like while you're trying to find these changes. Anything you can do in the interim
Chloe Lannert: for the just to be done. Process? Yes, no.
Chloe Lannert: So as we are, you know, focusing oh, recording oops.
Chloe Lannert: The other thing is just kind of going through a better sense of
Chloe Lannert: okay, you mean, so like that, you can have other interview with different products. Okay, so what? How large is the competitive set of apps like they can
Chloe Lannert: like? How many of those are there like that? Tough to say, I think there are a lot of 2 that are really recent.
Chloe Lannert: that are similar to what we've been doing. But they've not. They're not really in the space of like. Maybe they have like one or 2 clients. Okay, not so much. So that's why we didn't want to take those people understood. I get it. So what do they hire instead? So instead of a big interview or any of the platforms, what is the like other interesting alternative?
Chloe Lannert: I want to say, basic, it's not basic, but like coaches. Right? Okay? Like, we have carrot coaches or one other. I think they might hire like external consultants to come and do like practice interviews. Those are 2 other groups that might be interesting are going to have on big interviews, are going to have startups and then are going to have just the traditional methods
Chloe Lannert: rather than just the product itself. If you also think about what else they would hire instead of a product like a career coach or the consultants. You can work backwards from that, too.
Chloe Lannert: need or like
Chloe Lannert: train their students right, like employment, is a key factor for for their success. So either they can do nothing which I'm saying is like, if they've recently hired a career coach recently hired consultant, there's a reason they're switching from whoever they had doing something to what they have someone doing now, upping the mistakes. Yes, there's energy between. I needed to switch, even if it's the same job.
Chloe Lannert: I swapped the person who doing the job.
Chloe Lannert: There's a story there for? Why they did.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, I see it. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: So you that that again, I trust you guys to use your judgment like your 3 year. Timeline makes sense for like a big business enterprise. Hire right? So it's a big contract with the annual or longer. So it totally makes sense that you guys have a longer time.
Chloe Lannert: What's the status of your
Chloe Lannert: well, so so be be be deliberate, though in that conversation, though, because I agree with you as far as how you frame it, set it up for them. But in the interview itself make sure you're
Chloe Lannert: slowly working backwards in that timeline. Right? Make sure you're actually doing the timeline
Chloe Lannert: because these are roots and set rules.
Chloe Lannert: I'm much more interested in having them focus on something they did in the past 3 months that was related to our to our
Chloe Lannert: hear what you're saying, and guess not. Sure if I'm pushing back or not. But what I'm my point is that what's really important about the jobs to be done? Process is that there's a switch.
Chloe Lannert: There was a moment where I went from one thing to another thing.
Chloe Lannert: and orienting your timeline as you're conducting the energy from that switch moment is the magic here. Okay, if you are doing that, and you're kind of like hunting around their story a little bit. It's going to be more endless. And I'm not going to be able to help you, based on what we're talking about. If they hired one more character
Chloe Lannert: it depends on. If there was a struggling moment, why did the person leave? Were they fired? Was there an issue? Was it performance related? Was it ebays like? That's more of the story. So there's more color there of a particular situation. They can't just fit the profile. It has to be the circumstance within the profile.
Chloe Lannert: So let's think like, if you have a team of like 10 coaches. You hire an 11 form, or you replace one push. That's still interesting for the job to be done. Process just so that I understand. Okay, cool. Got it cool. Cool. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: this is what makes it hard. But also what makes it more valuable.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, no, I get it
Chloe Lannert: cool, but this is good. This is exactly what I was hoping to see. I think you guys are in a good place. We're clearly fitting in the right effort to make progress here. I hope you feel the same way. If you think there's any need for additional feedback or adjustments on the next steps. No, I think we're just trying to keep it trying to do like 2, 3, maybe 4 interviews 1st and get a feel and what we should do. Okay, we'll see you next.
Chloe Lannert: You're good. I got it.
Chloe Lannert: It's Trina is able to hear us right.
Chloe Lannert: All I see in here is legally.
Chloe Lannert: But now
Chloe Lannert: I think you all called your document checkpoints, and then I don't think you put it in the folder, but I'm gonna move it around for you. I'm gonna rename it for you
Chloe Lannert: really check. Let's see.
Chloe Lannert: And then see in Belize.
Chloe Lannert: Hey, you make me download Powerpoint files.
Chloe Lannert: What is this? Okay? It's very lawyer for you to always have everything in my company. Every legal tech, every like Fintech
Chloe Lannert: always defaults to word. It's like vintage legacy legacy systems.
Chloe Lannert: No, we'll see right.
Chloe Lannert: Don't mind the formatting. It was in Powerpoint, but I guess there's all good.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, yeah. So here's our screen criteria.
Chloe Lannert: He wanted to escape and would.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, I see. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: And then you can then play again
Chloe Lannert: at the yeah, there you go.
Chloe Lannert: Thanks. Okay. Yeah. So what we've done so far. If
Chloe Lannert: basically, the key ones are just, we prepare a Linkedin pipeline. We use linkedin sales navigator which is like in our key way of reaching out to lawyers, especially those that are more tech. Savvy? We ran a couple cohorts for response, and then we completed just one interview so far.
Chloe Lannert: So yeah, I'll go into a little more detail.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, yeah, so we've tried email marketing campaigns. Email, we try link sales navigator. We tried phone calls, like, literally just calling law firms walk into law firms. This is like before jobs to be done. So in terms of like what we've done. And so
Chloe Lannert: walking to law office, not very effective because everyone's remote now and all ever since Covid, all lawyers. They just come into the office. Where are they on? Most of them were at home.
Chloe Lannert: Email marketing. It. It's more direct. It actually does get to the get to their offices. But what we found is that all law firms have what they call a like calling like it's almost like calling operator, or like, look at like, Who's who's who's calling, or who's emailing? And then they'll filter through and then give the right emails or the right calls to the lawyer. So there's this like filtering cost that happens difficult.
Chloe Lannert: Get through that especially at the small law firm phase. And so usually just like we don't get a lot of good responses. So is that you emailing the firms or individual lawyers? Yeah, so
Chloe Lannert: small law firms. And so often a lot of times, they have a general email that they give to you and then giving you their personal email. So you can't find them. It's really difficult.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So it's not a very common like the email domain. It finds the how they configure the 1st and last name of the people. It lets you scrape emails. If you know who you're trying to target, it helps you find an email. Also, I've got a couple of firms that I know the email format of that I can talk to.
Chloe Lannert: There's another one that I use my phone numbers and everything.
Chloe Lannert: Got it.
Chloe Lannert: Got it? Couple couple of just a couple of tips here. Sorry to interrupt your presentation, but I figured, given that we're talking through all these resources. There's a couple of options you guys have to share things like this when they come up, because it's gonna come up a lot. Right? So one recommendation I have.
Chloe Lannert: So in basecamp.
Chloe Lannert: you can choose to do one of 2 things. One is, you can go to this event itself. And if you're talking about something relevant, drop in the link here, right? And computers, you go. Okay from that Gtp checking we had in week one. Let me go see what happened? Because we talked about the same. It's helpful contextually here.
Chloe Lannert: Alternatively, you can go to docs and files, go to peer resources.
Chloe Lannert: new external service, drop in the link, give it a title, Bing ball. So let's just do one real quick, is it, Hunter? Dot I/O?
Chloe Lannert: And then I'll just do that's in it. That's the address, too. Right
Chloe Lannert: there you go. So now it becomes a link in here that you can reference from Jtb or or pure resources.
Chloe Lannert: So cool slide share, though.
Chloe Lannert: before, can we talk through this real, quick?
Chloe Lannert: Appreciate it. Yeah, I realize it could play. So the screen, what are we looking for? So we are looking to speak with lawyers to purchase a time tracking solution and provide some competitors here point one, and billables are the direct competitors that are doing full automation. The other ones that are doing digital manual kind of time keeping solutions. So it's not just they do a lot of stuff.
Chloe Lannert: And so we're looking to find lawyers that have done this in the past 9 months.
Chloe Lannert: And then these alerts are typically lawyers that advise businesses. So startups is the focus that we're actually right now focused on is like smart lawyers, and make sure what kind of clear issues are useful at times, and
Chloe Lannert: the important one is being a decision maker at the firm influencers users. But who has made that purchase?
Chloe Lannert: That's small, firm looking at one to 10. We're not doing union size or big ones, because we realize that the sales cycle they need to see a lot of traction and also like that. And then they also have a lot of pushes around scaling. So we're so small because they're more open to using technology adopting it.
Chloe Lannert: So guys, I have thoughts and clarifying questions on this. But I'm actually really curious to see what you all
Chloe Lannert: like. You said. They are like 2 different things, like direct competitors like you and point one and all of them are like more global things.
Chloe Lannert: do you think? Okay? And then it's
Chloe Lannert: like, How did you figure it out? Yeah, it's it's a tough one, that one so there are not very many solutions that out there that are doing full automation like we are.
Chloe Lannert: The other thing is like, we talked to a lot of lawyers, and none of them know these other competitors. So it's kind of a very new space. So then we had to kind of take a step back and like, well, what is the job that's being done here? And the job that is being done here is we need a place to actually like track. What we're doing
Chloe Lannert: our time and and being able to do that efficiently. And you know any point where we're not spending too much time on like paperwork, or like running manually and then
Chloe Lannert: so that's why we started to go express expanded from the direct to the alternatives which are like practicing, which is the broader solution that was like our rationale. But I guess maybe they hired like an assistant to do the thing that the lawyers were doing before to travel.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, that's right. So other than using the Cleos and the practice pamphers. Historically, they've used at a paralegal or assistant like that used to do it if you're at the partner level. But if you're at the associate level, which are the users, it's like using. Excel some kind of software that's already available. It's cheap that they already using within their own legal work.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, like spreadsheets or docs are very common. That's what they also use. So yeah, I hope that answers for what? But yeah, exactly how this works.
Chloe Lannert: I see the switch is the purchase. Right? They went from doing something else. They bought this thing.
Chloe Lannert: forward it to whatever system, so that you can find
Chloe Lannert: how many hours you spend. And I don't know how it works. Maybe just to see a change of system, and that might be also useful
Chloe Lannert: and like to dive into why and like? Why are they switching systems? And is it because of an amount of clients that they have like? Is it an X amount of clients? Is it an X amount of like client ball? Is it a volume thing. Is it a, you know, assets thing? Is it a lot of personnel thing? Is it? Like scope, you know, I mean, like, I guess, what the switching point is to say, if we're good doing it by ourselves.
Chloe Lannert: And now we are over burdened, overwhelmed. XY, and Z. So let's like use a different solution.
Chloe Lannert: Got it. I'm taking notes, by the way, so yeah, got it. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: know this because we talked about yesterday. But I think we gotta go a bit deeper with the type of lawyers want to go for, from which I know we talked about. Yesterday, when I mentioned a lawyer was interested to you? He asked me like
Chloe Lannert: smaller firms, and we're looking to like work with the lawyers that work specifically with at least it starters. But then, like vice President. Yeah, they can like go a lot deeper in that respect, because otherwise you'll be hunting like
Chloe Lannert: big lawyers that might work with a startup that just somehow steady one that's like
Chloe Lannert: smaller size law firms, with maybe like one or 2 noise only, and I've got lots of other things to do like nailing down a little bit more like, who? Exactly you're talking to.
Chloe Lannert: you know, so narrowing that narrowing to?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. I was just second Carlo on the firm size and the type of wire, because, like the one person firm, a 2 person firm is a lot different than like 7, 8, or 9 person firm. So it'd be cool to like kind of segment those out and get the insights from each one of those buckets more individually because
Chloe Lannert: my conscious that they're going to be different reasons why they hired this product like on a more granular.
Chloe Lannert: So when you break it out like that, how many interviews would you do in each market
Chloe Lannert: you can answer to? But I like. The golden spot is like 8 to 12 of each of each specific niche screening criteria that you're creating.
Chloe Lannert: You want to get involved to kind of normalize your insight. That's exactly right. So just to finalize that and make it super clear to everybody. You start off with the screening criteria. That's fine. What we're doing is teaching you all how to chisel it further, because it needs to be more detailed for the most part, from what I'm seeing from everyone which is great, we'll get there, but each one is its own subgroup.
Chloe Lannert: Whatever you don't just like try to catch it all and go. I'll do 12 jobs to be done, and then some fit into this group of criteria and another one fits into a different group or slightly different categories like you want to be as narrow and as consistent as you can possibly be at some point that breaks down
Chloe Lannert: right at some point. There's only gonna be 5 that fit a very, very narrow criteria. So there's an abstraction involved that you're gonna have to dance around, and I can help you like through that. But my comments on this.
Chloe Lannert: I guess first, st the question, what happens when, whatever they're doing with one of these apps, tools, or whatever they're doing before goes wrong. What's the breaking point? Like? What's the like? What is the actual issue? What's the example of a circumstance where changes required.
Chloe Lannert: I'm asking like- like, in the legal context. Given your experience like
Chloe Lannert: it does someone over Bill, do they? Under Bill? Is there some other documentation issue like, somebody get fired.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: for time tracking. It's a lot of it depends on the problem. Like, what's an example of a problem. Yeah. So let's say, for example, a lawyer with an associate is not. So I'm gonna take it. It's kind of like, you know, a lawyer who's like the decision maker of the partner, the one who owns the firm. And is there a real story in your mind right now? So this lawyer.
Chloe Lannert: They they started hiring associates, and then the associates were not really being judicious about the timekeeping, and the lawyer was like, I need a solution now that I can manage and watch what my associates are doing. What do you mean by not judicious in your time as in they typically should be
Chloe Lannert: clocking their time every day like this is what I worked on. This is what I did. And instead, what happened instead, what happened was they just they just accepted their habits, and the partner
Chloe Lannert: kept trying to like, ask them to keep staying up to date. With that I want to make sure I understand what you're saying. Yeah, what happens when he's talking about? Like, what did they do on a day where there was a problem that needed to be addressed? Yeah. So the partner would talk to the associate and bring up that. He's not keeping track of his money. And how does he know that? And he knows. And he knows that because well, he started using Cleo, this is like, okay, yeah. So he used Cleo.
Chloe Lannert: And you can see the time that's being inputted into the system
Chloe Lannert: on that associated. Okay, got it. So they hired Cleo. And in Cleo already with the hours being logged in. And there's a problem. Yeah. Okay. So he sees in there that there's an over tracking or under track.
Chloe Lannert: okay, so this one, sorry. Can I backtrack a little bit? Yeah. Yeah. So there's 3, Cleo, there's Cleo, and there's looking at point one. So this this particular situation was that yeah. 3. Cleo 3. Cleo, the associates. He didn't know the time that was being recorded.
Chloe Lannert: He he only can see what the time is being billed at a monthly basis. So at the end of the month. He's looking at times. And he's like, okay, like these times. I see what the times are going. They are either over another doesn't know he's just looking at the times. He's like, okay, like.
Chloe Lannert: my associates need to build.
Chloe Lannert: And so that's how much time was, okay, yeah. And so at that point, he realized that he's a system that's he has a he needs to have a system where you can actually observe, like his associates.
Chloe Lannert: and more scrutiny about what's going on on a day to day perspective.
Chloe Lannert: So e- even with what you've already shared, I can tell that there are details that we need to know that are just
Chloe Lannert: right. So already like need to know one, how many hours. But like, what's up like? How do you? How does he even know
Chloe Lannert: right? What are the details of his observation of circumstance and illuminate like, I can tell, these aren't the right hours that were lost. Right? Okay, keep going? Yeah. So he realized that he was scaling. So he started to bring on more and more associates. Okay. So hiring more people, more hours for me to build and track. Yeah. And then he started to realize that this was this is a situation that he needed some kind of system where he could like, look at it without having to spend too much time with each individual training.
Chloe Lannert: Okay?
Chloe Lannert: Why, the assistant? Why, the assistant isn't keeping track of
Chloe Lannert: yeah, I I don't know. He what using like he's he's using his past experience to kind of reflect on what he's trying to explain why his associates doing without really knowing why. Is this someone who you can go back and talk to again?
Chloe Lannert: Probably I should. I should be able to, because it's already based on the story you're telling me like, like. So when when let's just say the founder is doing jobs, you know, interviews tells me about a conversation like this. Some of the questions I'm asking you you would know
Chloe Lannert: right? Based on the I mean you would. You would jumble around and be able to pop around and go. Okay, it's this one. Is this one. Is that because where I usually step in with founders is at the analysis phase. So you've done your jobs, you know you've done your version. I told you for an hour to our meeting, and then all of a sudden, we're talking about all the interviews that you did
Chloe Lannert: their names and their situations, or you give them fake names you don't have to identify if it's private, whatever. But like, I'm gonna grill you on what you know about that person and their situation. Right? So again, I'm not using our time on this illuminating.
Chloe Lannert: Got it? Okay.
Chloe Lannert: think all of our questions and comments illuminate, maybe an opportunity for you to remind us more. But hopefully, it shows you like, you have more than these and more specificity and circumstance to add here, that might help you narrow this down even further.
Chloe Lannert: They have to like manually type in the time, for, like all of us, like
Chloe Lannert: we could connect you with like those others. And
Chloe Lannert: that's a great point. That's 1 of my asks one more thing to ask. So it's not just the circumstance of the lawyer themselves, and which tool or situation they're hiring. It might even be somewhere. Here's an example like almost 2 narrows.
Chloe Lannert: what time it starts at the end of
Chloe Lannert: what stage, what situation, what problem are they helping them solve? There might even be an angle there where you back door your way into a particular customer segment given the stage and circumstance of the startup itself, because that's another reverse way to get into the customer through like a backwards channel, because all of a sudden, now, I'm trying to get connected to all the startups in these situations and go, hey, let me talk to your lawyer.
Chloe Lannert: So there's a lot of ways to go about this that you might be able to like.
Chloe Lannert: Refine this criteria in the 1st place.
Chloe Lannert: and I'm also wondering whether they're like incentives for. So there's clear incentives for like partners and stuff like proper time doing. But are there any for like associates.
Chloe Lannert: I don't know. I mean you. Some firms experiment would be like
Chloe Lannert: putting incentives for the associates to track the time, or
Chloe Lannert: probably that we also maybe a switch
Chloe Lannert: your time consistently. Then you get a bonus or whatever you
Chloe Lannert: yeah, that's another so the associate level. And then the decision maker level. It's interesting because they're the users. So they're probably going to use it the most because they, their friction point is like having to do it manually. Yeah. So they experience it also. But partners experience from a checking perspective and managing perspective. So there is like different levels of
Chloe Lannert: pain points that are being experienced with this right now. So, yeah, so yeah, there are incentives. There are different types of incentives from the solution
Chloe Lannert: and know that
Chloe Lannert: extended our time talking through this with you, because thought it'd be helpful for everybody. So what I was what we were all just saying, I think, applies to all of you. So just keep that in mind
Chloe Lannert: cool.
Chloe Lannert: Go back to the next one. Yeah. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: yeah. So just finishing up this slide is, yeah. Did did one Jp. Interview been cold outreaching it was pretty good. Actually, we we kind of brought the guy on. He was a really fast talker. He had a crypto startup
Chloe Lannert: went really deep into like he's growing pretty fast like went from 0, like probably one attorney to like 8 in a matter of a year. What did he buy? He ended up using Cleo. And he actually looked at Point one he found on his own and so that was a really interesting, because that's the 1st time I've heard of anyone actually knowing about point one. Okay? And then, did you guys do like a timeline of the forces we did. Yeah. So one like posted
Chloe Lannert: right, either in the Jtv folder, like, if within Jtv inbox and files, put legal ease and then dropping your files there, I'm happy to like comments on that stuff conversation about it, and maybe other people want to weigh in, or if you want to look at it. Curious! That's great, too. You can all help each other. But at the very least you guys can watch. I react to their analysis.
Chloe Lannert: Oh, that's really. I'm glad that you got. How did it feel to do that? Oh, it was very enlightening, actually like, I actually thought that, compared to past interviews. I felt like I got a lot more tangible, like real inputs, or like like experiences rather than
Chloe Lannert: you know. What do you think? Would you buy something like that. Yeah. And I was actually really surprised by how open he was to do it. I had some hesitancy about saying, Hey, we're gonna be off. We're going to turn off our screens. You want to do this via voice. We're just like pretty open about it. And then when he went in. Yeah, he just
Chloe Lannert: anytime I ask a question just went with it, and it was very surprising, because as a lawyer, you're kind of like, they're very cautious with their words right? And they're also cautious about like on being on screen or recording stuff. So get over that layer. And so it was, yeah, this guy was pretty open. He's also what I also found was really interesting about this interview is that he's a very tech savvy lawyer. So now, it's like there are people out there that are like seeking and reaching out for information. I just got figure out what are the similarities of this person as opposed to other lawyers, having the same
Chloe Lannert: and everything so to be open to super specific niche.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, it happens after a couple of interviews. If you do a couple of interviews, and there's a particular interview that you're like, Wow, actually, there's a whole domain subdomain I wasn't thinking about. And maybe I should go down this path, and you can rework and go backwards to your screening criteria and build a new audience.
Chloe Lannert: not saying you shouldn't yet so just mentioned. Cool. Also, by the way, like for the calls. Sometimes it is helpful to just have a phone number.
Chloe Lannert: like, I think lawyers are used to dial numbers, right? So you can just do that so that they can hold them rather than sit in front of a computer.
Chloe Lannert: So it's a choice, you know again, you don't have to do this, but it's actually simple. You just input number, or you call in
Chloe Lannert: awesome. Alright. Yeah, this is just kind of going down like showing. We're using accounts and leads on this, how we've been actually doing a lot of our search navigate around this. There's no other like massive directory that you can actually tap into. That gives you this little information on like the size of the law firm. What what position they're at you know.
Chloe Lannert: this is kind of like a little bit of the Jocely learning forces, full pushing tool kind of thing that we were. Yeah, okay, yeah. So I don't know if you want to go deep into this. But,
Chloe Lannert: we're good, or guess what I'm most interested. Now, given the short time you have. Tell me if there was anything in particular really stood out?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I thought,
Chloe Lannert: we start. I think the biggest pain point that he's experiencing. He's scaling like he's he's adding another associate, bringing on more people. So that was a big one. And then another cool. Is this opportunity? Right? So he's identifying this guy's hiring associates. Meaning, we're scaling. We're having this problem
Chloe Lannert: find law firms that are hiring associates that were small and becoming big multiple positions available. So you can track and scan for that criteria. All of a sudden you narrow down a circumstance that might be prime for what you're trying to offer. Given the push right? Another one was kind of cool. I mean, a lot like these kind of solutions. It's
Chloe Lannert: the industry standard. It's like this idea where you know what is, what are people using? Lawyers are? My sense is from this. It's confirming that lawyers gravitate towards what others are using. So it's like social proof might be like a really important thing. Okay, another tip here. So did you write down any kind of quote of what? Exactly, he said, based on that.
Chloe Lannert: Did you want to say industry? Standard.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, pretty much. Yeah, he said.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so what I would do in this section is put quote the sentence that you said
Chloe Lannert: right? So that's another way to make it even more real, because one thing that we tend to do is we try to summarize with our words like we heard someone say, use their words as much as you can, makes it way more real.
Chloe Lannert: I think the only other big thing about Jamie is like, we realize that we have many big gaps and ask the questions around the topic like it pulls them back to their like original. They're also hard to to uncover, though, so just to be clear. Habits in particular, is probably the toughest project out of the 4 but
Chloe Lannert: with the right questions. You're you're you're correct about this, but I just want to give you some, you know praise, because in my experience that is the hardest category to
Chloe Lannert: gotcha. Sometimes it's not there.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Okay, got it.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. And for him, price is a big-, a big pain point. On the anxiety side.
Chloe Lannert: there's no price being available. Yeah. So he's using where you can actually get a lot of different functionality doesn't break up their solution. 5. So they bucket everything all this like all in one solution. So I have a bunch of I'm paying for a bunch of stuff I don't need exactly. So it's not just price, it's waste. It's I. I'm I'm gonna pay this, I mean, so I can afford it. But it seems wasteful and necessary because I'm not even utilizing what I'm paying for.
Chloe Lannert: That's different than your same price is. Gonna be
Chloe Lannert: right. So what is bad design? That was so we didn't get enough time to talk about that. But he said the phrase, bad design. And then did you ask him what- what's bad design?
Chloe Lannert: we tried. We we try to get. We tried to figure out what is good design and what's bad design? That's exactly I was about to say so when they say bad design. And you go. What do you mean by that? Well, it just doesn't. You know. I really like how it feels or it looks. Okay. But what is what is good to you like? What's an example of good design?
Chloe Lannert: Then you want to know what they think something good is right. I love that, because here the thing is legally. Now you have design, inspiration, right? If you hear enough examples of what good looks like from your lawyers about what they do
Chloe Lannert: right. Draft came to hear a few other examples of example. Like as you hear a pattern. Now, you can draw from some of those design principles and techniques to incorporate into your application. Right? That's really good.
Chloe Lannert: That's awesome. That's awesome. I like the last bullet, too, he said. I'm a tech guy. And this is like the 90 software. You say that that's awesome, like I love like, when you hear language like that. These modern lawyers want to show. I'm with the Times. I'm ahead of the game. I'm not only doing industry standards, but I'm also like tech
Chloe Lannert: crypto. I'm ahead of the curve, like all that kind of stuff, emotional energy, right? And I suspect that this person has colleagues in the same industry, right? So they're talking to each other about what they're using. They're they're either bragging about what they're ahead on, or they're envious of someone else who's doing something differently. There's a lot more emotion and social like forcing.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, good. Yeah. Deal. Kind of hammer this home. But like too cluttered no dark mode. But you can keep digging into those comments to like, why is it, too? Cluttered? What's unnecessary? Like? There's things there they need to know we can go and better understand
Chloe Lannert: asking questions. So yeah, so I'll say, like, yeah, this is probably 40 min.
Chloe Lannert: Hold on.
Chloe Lannert: This is interesting because we started off just like getting like for this experience we started with, like, just like reports. You didn't know them for like 5 min and start personally meeting this person.
Chloe Lannert: So we went through that, and then I kind of I gave you kind of like a timeframe to ask you a lot more questions. And yeah. And then we'll get into it and kind of getting that. Imagine me trying to, you know. Document your experience, you know, draft like a whole documentary.
Chloe Lannert: See?
Chloe Lannert: Cool. So the challenges. So for us.
Chloe Lannert: our current channels is that
Chloe Lannert: getting scheduled user interviews from full outreach is like for based on our screen time has been a little bit of a struggle. And this is something we've known already. But just kind of get some percentages of the 50 that we've reached out to 13 express interest. But then it's a very delayed interaction before they actually book the call. And so, you know, it's probably like
Chloe Lannert: a week, if not a little more to like, say, okay, like. Then they'll go back with their linkedin very small number and end up with default. Passing my processes on. Why, that is
Chloe Lannert: so that's 1 but we are getting responses. There's a delay in terms of getting done quickly. The other one is.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, we realize that not very many of them like in our in our interaction with them. Not very, very few of them have actually looked at. So we're struggling to find those that have seen our direct competitors. So we're trying to look at the alternatives right now, that's where our jobs, because we don't have enough.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: yeah. So in in the spirit of this, this challenge. Yeah. One thing you get like help from, and thank you for those that like follow up
Chloe Lannert: anything just like helping us get a more intro into any of your startup lawyers. I'm gonna I'm gonna 1st let me go through the screen criteria one more time just over
Chloe Lannert: targeted a little more, and then I'll reach out and I'll let you know, but would love to get folks helping. I'll do a I'll do a thread. So people can share screening criterias. And
Chloe Lannert: yeah, because then people can comment just on that particular issue. That's probably better. That's probably better. Otherwise it'll be all mixed up. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: little mini baby suggestion. Maybe change the language to center on phone calls versus calls, because I can see lawyers absolutely seeing time is money. If it's a phone call, it can be done in transit. It doesn't feel like sitting down for a call.
Chloe Lannert: Very. What did you guys hear what we said?
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so I suggest. So time is, time is money, especially for lawyers. Frame the outreach and the ask for a phone call versus a zoom call that way. People can take it in transit. It feels less like it's taking up real like work time.
Chloe Lannert: and it's it's easier to say yes to.
Chloe Lannert: I completely agree. And that's not just lawyers. That's people. Right? When you have a phone call, you treat that differently than a zoom- zoom! You're like, I gotta be somewhere, and I have to set up my face and that kind of stuff
Chloe Lannert: call in the car like, sure, I'll talk to you. I'm walking. I'll talk to you like sure. I'll take a call like it's no big deal. Mistakes are lower, and they're gonna be more honest, they just don't know it.
Chloe Lannert: There's a call there's less to worry about and more focused on just having a conversation answering your question. It's great
Chloe Lannert: works, really? Well, exactly, absolutely so. Think at least point. A couple weeks ago, when we were like all remote, we 1st met each other. And I did the first.st But like a phone call is absolutely the number one way to do this.
Chloe Lannert: like objectively, like, we know this after doing decades of data and instances
Chloe Lannert: there there might be right now by March. Be that first, st
Chloe Lannert: we learn differently than adapt. But that's usually the best case.
Chloe Lannert: Mean 3% of people
Chloe Lannert: is really good for everyone to hear, too, which is like, think about how many great conversations and insights you all have had already this week.
Chloe Lannert: right past 3, 4 days since you've met, you've exchanged valuable like feedback insights, perspectives, things that other people wish they heard.
Chloe Lannert: So the more we asynchronize our communication standards so that we write things up, we ask questions, we share cool things. We have a place to go back. Reference for that. I'm just saying that if something really really like, cool or valuable or interesting is said or shared.
Chloe Lannert: drop it into a place where more people can see it and learn from
Chloe Lannert: you guys already know I'm just reinforcing that that's helpful.
Chloe Lannert: cool, alright, awesome, Chris. This is great. It's good progress, anything else
Chloe Lannert: all good for now. Awesome. Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Thanks. Okay. Who's next?
Chloe Lannert: I'm gonna turn the video on here.
Chloe Lannert: There we go.
Chloe Lannert: We?
Chloe Lannert: Good morning.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, Hi, Trina.
Chloe Lannert: So taking a little bit of a different approach, because
Chloe Lannert: we've been very confused. So I'm hoping to just present why, we're confused, and I, after talking with them, we have like a little bit of direction, but would love for you guys to challenge us on our approach before we start our 1st scenario.
Chloe Lannert: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: so here's what the the stakeholders we have. We have 4. So we have the general manager at the top. This is the person who runs the dealership. They're the one who hire us and pay us
Chloe Lannert: the sales. Managers are the ones that are on the floor working with the sales, people talking to the customers. They are the ones who enforce all of the the processes, and they're the ones who are giving you the price for what you're trying to negotiate with your vehicle. And then we have the salesperson who is the actual end user of our product. They're the ones who are directly in front of the customer. They have direct control over, like what's being said. Understanding this customer to be able to, you know, find a vehicle and relay this pitch to them.
Chloe Lannert: But again apply.
Chloe Lannert: and lastly, I have a customer, but I know the general managers, the customer the car buyer, who is also part of that as well. So the reason why you get confused for a lot of you you're going for the person who's hiring for us to hire like from my perspective was like they get it. Their problem is that they want their salespeople to sell more cars. They want their managers to be responsible for their sales. People to sell more cars.
Chloe Lannert: And that's kind of why, like I realized when I originally started, I would pitch to the general manager. It was really great sign on one spot, and then, as we launch it, it started to get confusing, because the actual end user was a salesperson. So that changed the way that we built our product.
Chloe Lannert: and just again, I'm trying to not think about our products. And then for the sales manager and I said, they're the ones who are on the floor with the sales people fully responsible for them. They track every single deal with the salesperson. Did you call them back. What did they say? Did you mention this? Give them this presence said.
Chloe Lannert: And then the salesperson, they obviously want to sell more cars. They're the ones who are struggling with customers when they're saying like, Oh, like, I don't know how to buy it. I'm gonna talk to my husband.
Chloe Lannert: Just wanna sorry. Think that's something that we discussed together. How much of they want to send in the car is through.
Chloe Lannert: because one thing that you mentioned was that they are not the people who are the most ambitious ones.
Chloe Lannert: So make sure that we have the yeah. It's 1 of the things that we're trying to understand, is like in the sales floor. There's gonna be people who are performing better and they get more commission. So as a salesperson, there's only one or 2 cards every single week, every single day. There's this pattern board on the wall that says you have one. They have 10,
Chloe Lannert: so we know that you're not making as much money. And that's like one of the things we just talked about frustrating. And we're gonna have to get to the root of like, is it money? Is it status of your family?
Chloe Lannert: That's a great question.
Chloe Lannert: Absolutely.
Chloe Lannert: The confusion was always because my, I have a Buddh brain. So I've always wanted to from my perspective is like
Chloe Lannert: we're the dealerships want to sell more cars, so it's our job to help them sell more cars. But I can't help them sell more cars if I don't actually get the customer to buy the car.
Chloe Lannert: So that's why I always thought I needed to interview a car buyer
Chloe Lannert: 1st assignment. So we know that we're gonna have to do interviews for all the relevant challenges like, who do we start with?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: So my thought process like, okay, we're gonna have to sit in the middle. It's gonna have to like balance 2 different things, because the salesperson, because the car buyer has to buy from the manager, from the salesperson as well. And I think that just covers my question of like, who do we interview first? st So right now we're thinking that we talk to the salesperson first.st
Chloe Lannert: We talked to sales manager next, then the general manager. So stick with the deal 1st and then going back to car buyer to Chloe's Point that we just talked about. I have a really good understanding of the car buyer and the general manager. Yes, I have my own assumptions. Advisors do that. But because this is like the main problem of like, despite. The general manager loves us and wants to support us. It's this person who has to enforce this person needs it every single time.
Chloe Lannert: and maybe if I would sell it for this person to share.
Chloe Lannert: So right now, my thought process, if we're going to focus on the salesperson, we want to interview top and low performing sales, people at dealerships
Chloe Lannert: who have hired to use a digital presentation tool or their manual system, because that's the one they're reverting back to to save a deal in the last 30 days
Chloe Lannert: and a top performing person that's either new or they've been around for longer. So different categories. So if you're new, it's because you've been hired in the last year. You're selling 5 cars a month. If you're a top performing older person. You've been there for 3 years, and you're selling 8 cars a month, or if you're bottom performing, you're selling less than 3 cars a month. In general.
Chloe Lannert: we're hoping that we can understand, like what they're doing differently. Maybe the characteristics, and like what drives them, or if perhaps like, if things have changed over time because we don't just like not everybody's a natural born salesperson. It is something that you can learn if there's something that they're being trained on, and maybe they have different schools that they've hired over time.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so to be clear, does the dealership
Chloe Lannert: want, which is a general manager, want to hire both top and low performing sales people?
Chloe Lannert: And what are you trying to help the general manager do
Chloe Lannert: to be able to either identify, to be able to turn their poor performers into practice owners?
Chloe Lannert: That's their struggle.
Chloe Lannert: Or is it the higher. Okay, that's so. My instinct here, based on what you're saying is to start with the top. But I don't want you to just accept that like. Obviously, you all think about it. But like
Chloe Lannert: rather than top and low, because that seems like you're gonna have very different conversations. And those are 2 different sets of interviews. You just focus on top
Chloe Lannert: a different pattern. So that's my hunch. Okay? So what I'm I'm hearing different criteria. Because what you're saying is that people who are doing higher? Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: that's different. Yeah. So that we don't know whether they're top low performing. We just know that they're new. That's even more interesting to me. Yeah. And that's what we kind of just except for us a little bit yesterday, because one of our paying dealerships they have like 12 salespeople. They just hired another set of 7 people. Right? So this is another jobs thing. But it's not what it's when
Chloe Lannert: right. So both in the interview. You want to ask when, as opposed to what? Once again, this criteria, it's about like, who's supposed to what you can be, top or low. But are you new?
Chloe Lannert: So you're saying, top performing older.
Chloe Lannert: not as relevant. I don't know. I don't know, but you know better than me. But my hunch here is that this criteria needs to be refined a little bit. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: just a little. But it's definitely directionally correct.
Chloe Lannert: Alright. So what's up with these questions down here.
Chloe Lannert: just like the current thought process like, Okay, what are we trying to learn from them? Because, we don't have, like, necessarily a Cleo, you know, as a competitor.
Chloe Lannert: generally like their process is just a pen and paper. But you're saying here, it's digital presentation tool or manual system. It's because the digital presentation tools are generally around the payments like they calculate the payments, and they present it on a piece of paper or on a screen. There's nothing
Chloe Lannert: like there isn't this unless they're using the car manufacturers website to do. Okay? So my feedback here is what you're doing on the bottom map is separate from what we are teaching with jobs. This is like a traditional user interview thing for some of the search stuff like these are the questions that we want to ask and like with jobs, you don't even. I don't have any of these premeditated questions. I have a purchase or a switch, and based on the purchase switch. I have a timeline. I work backwards from that.
Chloe Lannert: Sure. Maybe some of those things come up. But I'm not actively asking these questions or committing to asking any of these questions. No, we want to learn what's up with that thing you hired. That's the whole point, for all
Chloe Lannert: it's like you don't want to do. The don't fall into the trap of doing what you've done before you learn this, which is asking those like premeditated questions that color user interface your ux design or something like that's for someone else. You all are like, you hired something.
Chloe Lannert: I know something you don't about what I'm trying to learn here. But like, let's work backwards. To understand the psychology behind the scene
Chloe Lannert: and struggling moment is to see to innovation. So the notion here is that it could be a long time ago or be recent. The idea is that it was painful.
Chloe Lannert: like there was. There was some sort of struggle, and there's energy around the choice, meaning not everyone that you that's a customer for you has gone through this.
Chloe Lannert: There's only some people who struggle more. People fit that category, even if they don't know it. Because what you're gonna learn from the people actually struggle is the the same problem that other people are eventually gonna face. But they just have.
Chloe Lannert: Does that make sense to make more money? Right?
Chloe Lannert: It's a general manager, that's what I heard right? They're the ones deciding to work with you, saying yes. So at the end of the day, whatever info from this person you're starting with the interview that's gonna lead to someone you understanding the person who's ready to become your customer. So, selfishly speaking, I only want to talk to people that are going to teach me the most about how to get the general manager to hire man.
Chloe Lannert: and I can talk to you all through what that looks like. More specifically, yes, but, like you said, it is important and reasonable to make sure that the user is also well taken care of, because the GM. Can hire a product all day. But if
Chloe Lannert: if the salesperson won't use it and doesn't like the experience, that's bad news. So we can strategize more specifically outside of this. But I'll tell you this. I don't know the protocol of car dealerships. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: I will say that if you're really good at product.
Chloe Lannert: you could get the salesperson to use it even before the GM like decides that the group uses it, and because they like it, and it gives them an advantage it carries up.
Chloe Lannert: That's product growth. Yeah, we need to.
Chloe Lannert: So that's really good. If you think you can handle. So you could actually make salesperson a temporary customer. So I did this long time ago. So the whole idea was that you get you know, if you're selling it to like a school.
Chloe Lannert: don't get the school to buy, get the teacher to buy or the students to buy into something, and the students or the teacher bring it up. Notion of this. Yeah, really. Well.
Chloe Lannert: payments
Chloe Lannert: never said this before, but it almost feels like B to C to B, you know, like the notion is like, you're doing the consumer, and you order the consumer up to the like larger enterprise they're connected to. That's that's almost the difference between your market versus your go to right. Go to market.
Chloe Lannert: How do you actually enter it? Smaller, smaller price tag, get them to use it.
Chloe Lannert: They may become a GM. Somewhere else. They're like everyone uses right because it's better, and they love it. They become a champion like version. Follow the champion.
Chloe Lannert: All of a sudden. You see, like there's 1 salesperson on team, and, like. All of a sudden their sales are going up, and they're getting well, and they're behaving differently. And then what's going on like? Why, how's this person? All of a sudden they find out. Oh, they're using something like
Chloe Lannert: there's a way that I don't want to get too married to that. But that's 1 path. That's an option. Yeah, that's like, that's the path that I go down. I'm trying not to, either as a temporary customer.
Chloe Lannert: And I just wanna go back to one thing about the the competition. Okay.
Chloe Lannert: I'm having a little bit of a hard time like really narrowing down one specific competitor like, what's my struggling moment. We don't have actual competition. Am I inspired?
Chloe Lannert: Why do they get fired?
Chloe Lannert: It's like after a month, is it? After 6 months like, what's the criteria.
Chloe Lannert: They're totally dependent on the person if they're not performing no show of like responsive. Yeah. Some people just need to never respond. You gotta hire someone. Yes.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry. What did you say? Like a salesperson? Yeah, we're talking. GM, here, right? If you put yourself in the shoes of the GM. Like, what's my job like right now, how many cars for the average dealership you're looking at by selling a month?
Chloe Lannert: 100 cars? Right? So if we're not selling 100 cars selling 50. We got a problem. My job. I might figure this out right. So all of a sudden, like, I've got energy to do something about this. I need to hire better people. I need to hire better tools. I need to do both. All that stuff's going. So you all are going to make a ton of money. If you can prove that by signing up for what you do, paying more.
Chloe Lannert: they get one. And all of a sudden I'm covered
Chloe Lannert: right on that note like I did add, like, when that happens, they usually start hiring people to train them again. That's a great thing. That's the impetus. All of a sudden I have a problem. I'm hiring a trainer to come into work with my sales team.
Chloe Lannert: What if, instead of a training, you're replacing that budget with May.
Chloe Lannert: Okay.
Chloe Lannert: around a bunch of dealerships with a salesperson. If they have 3 sales car sales jobs in the last year, they're probably that salesperson.
Chloe Lannert: So go after that
Chloe Lannert: to interview what happens is like if you hire 7 people, half of them worked in another dealership and like didn't cut an order trying to like sell it a brand where they can make more money. But to you all's point.
Chloe Lannert: Somebody's making a bad hiring decision, or they're desperate because this is a hard carrier to hire people in, because it's already got stable, I don't know. But like, let's- let's- let's like this is
Chloe Lannert: so frothy like. I hope you all make so much money is going to do this. So our 1st general manager, when we helped like that 1st new hire like we helped sell his 1st cars. He sold 10 cars in his 1st month like that when I presented that to him. He's like that's insane. This changes the way we hire people. Yes, exactly reshape how the industry even operates. Let's go. I can hear the pitch.
Chloe Lannert: the actual sales, managers and sales reps like that. You wanna get a hold of, think they might be actually like going into their online training tool and downloading a lot of documents like self help right? Because the the job that they want to do is that they want to be or not
Chloe Lannert: right? I wanna so like, I wonder if that's if that instead of them hiring somebody that they were gathering resources. You know the resources. Yeah, I see what you're saying.
Chloe Lannert: Also, given how tough this industry is with dealing with salespeople. In the 1st place.
Chloe Lannert: I think the future is gonna be. There's gonna be far fewer sales people at all. So you should probably stay to where the fuck's gonna be. Illuminate that future to these gms, because how much? How many people in their life are passionate about becoming our sales.
Chloe Lannert: persons, or people. But it sounds like you're doing a service for the rest of the world by replacing. It's so funny, because whenever we present this like, wait. So you're replacing my job like, no, I mean, yeah, I mean again. So it's awkward to say. But like
Chloe Lannert: we thought, I mean, you think Uber is the future. But really, it's what we see in San Francisco. Right? It's the cars about people driving. Yeah. But what I'm saying is is like, you're not gonna meet the person
Chloe Lannert: anymore.
Chloe Lannert: There's better things for those people to do.
Chloe Lannert: I think I hope maybe you'll be so rich you'll activate Ubi in your local community. I don't know. Figure it out. Guys be billionaires. That's all the problems. Okay, we'll talk about it over the retreat. Let's go. Let's figure it out. Yeah, let's go. Okay, this is good. But I'm really excited about this space. I think you will have a ton of attention. Very good. Thank you. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: alright. We're laughing now. I like that. I like that.
Chloe Lannert: Does anyone want to go next? Oh, leadership. Okay, let's go. You didn't figure out how to do the thing.
Chloe Lannert: Wait? Why not? Well, like that? URL, yeah, go to basecamp.
Chloe Lannert: yeah, and go to New and then it's a Google draft thing. Yes, do that drop in here
Chloe Lannert: beautiful right where, and then give it a name?
Chloe Lannert: Oh, so! And then I refresh, and then is it open? Is the link open. Can I open it?
Chloe Lannert: It's almost like anything that was gonna happen.
Chloe Lannert: See?
Chloe Lannert: Back to Bill
Chloe Lannert: cool. So I'm gonna need a bit of grilling on this one, because I'm also pretty confused on them.
Chloe Lannert: Now, my focus. With this I think it might be a little bit different, but in essence we we got a bunch of clients, and
Chloe Lannert: they're quite cool and quite big, and I keep getting bigger. But I still don't really know why they come to us. I've met them. I've talked to them, and I was just kind of show them exactly, you know, like
Chloe Lannert: awesome. We want it. Let's try it, and I'm like basics, and then everything great. And then they book this again, and I'm like cool.
Chloe Lannert: but like what we do is obviously like very fantastic. But there's there's competitors, there's alternatives, there's lots of other solutions. What is it that we're helping with?
Chloe Lannert: And so right now, what I want to do is, I want to talk to one of my client current clients, especially the ones that are using it. So not so much the ones that are
Chloe Lannert: buying or sign the contract because they need to be convinced by the ones that are used. So the ones that are using us as a brand, the content managers, especially independent
Chloe Lannert: consumer business. So I'm not talking about the ones that are part of holding groups. I'm talking about individual brands.
Chloe Lannert: and I want to talk to them that have worked with us, at least in the past 2 months.
Chloe Lannert: and I've purchased my job, and I can promise on at least another whether it's another like single project or longer.
Chloe Lannert: Tom.
Chloe Lannert: So these are the people. How many of them are there?
Chloe Lannert: So, on average, up to 13 of them, how many do you have? Total?
Chloe Lannert: We've got about
Chloe Lannert: from 6 clients 26. So half of them fit that criteria or half of them, are the ones who just want to talk. Okay, this is good. So the guy, by the way, his screen right here is different because these are existing customers. So you already know. Right? So this is this, this actually is appropriate for this, which is a very different exercise than we've done for the past year.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, so like I've reached out to 13 of them scheduled 3 calls all next week the others are like January.
Chloe Lannert: I forgot my taking the question back.
Chloe Lannert: totally. Help me with. And she was like, look, it's not gonna follow the strict. Just be aware of them. I know you're pretty ping pong around them.
Chloe Lannert: I know what alternatives like they could have used, whether it's agencies or the tech platforms. I know what they need to use could have told them for about. So I know, like, what are the other options.
Chloe Lannert: But so what I need to find out is okay when you use us. What was it about? What we did. Is it the fact that we saved time?
Chloe Lannert: So you have? You don't worry about the cost you just have to be fast with it wasn't said like a cost budget element was the fact that, like
Chloe Lannert: every time you use, does the content form better?
Chloe Lannert: But then it's like, all right, save and get this content within the timeframe within the cost budget like
Chloe Lannert: what happens to you? Are you not able to re-qualify your budget next year? So there's not a reason for you to exist? Is it because you want a bigger budget next year, or is it because otherwise you just don't sell until your consumer products to compete against hundreds of other alternatives in the consumer world? Is it because you have to constantly be like dishing out content and show yourself to the world. So what is the main consequence? If you don't, you know, have this confident?
Chloe Lannert: This is what I want to find out. I don't know if this guy, for instance.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, I mean honestly like the fact that they're a repeat customer is already enough right? So they purchase. You want to say you kind of know a little bit about that, and you'll probably find out when you have the conversation more. But you have this like purchase point.
Chloe Lannert: and you have another purchase point that you're wedged between that you can track timeline of. Naturally, this timeline is gonna go to the 1st one as well.
Chloe Lannert: Right? So they like something about what you did the 1st time that led them to a second time. You've got more work cut out for you to have that conversation. But you have really rich data that you're gonna collect. That will signify
Chloe Lannert: the ideal 1st purchase.
Chloe Lannert: because it's gonna lead to a second purchase. More likely, because you know the right person in the right situation. That's gonna become a repeat customer
Chloe Lannert: makes sense. That makes sense. The reason why I want to find the status, because I've never put like a cent into like marketing or sales, because I still don't know what tracks the people to use like. How am I gonna hook them up? So I need to understand. Like.
Chloe Lannert: what is it? Yeah, I mean, the richness of your insights are gonna feed both like repeat sales and additional sales. But it's also gonna help inform your product development
Chloe Lannert: like you have a vision to like. I I mean, I know why we're here, right? So you're ready to go. Pro. So the whole idea is like.
Chloe Lannert: you're gonna incorporate these insights into the product experience as well.
Chloe Lannert: I'm sold.
Chloe Lannert: So what do you need to like? What are you struggling with?
Chloe Lannert: I just wasn't sure if this was the right approach. This is the right approach.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: And the other thing is that business too limited is that I just
Chloe Lannert: don't focus on existing clients this, this mean that, then.
Chloe Lannert: because if you nail this, we've got all the room and time and hopefully revenue to spend in the other categories to expand. But my advice, based on what I know so far, is to just knock this out of the park.
Chloe Lannert: Understand the people who have paid you more than once? Why, we're so happy with you, and what would take it, you know. What would it take for them to stay and keep coming.
Chloe Lannert: and so long as you lock them in, get more of them, so that you have a cushion or tab, and then we can talk about market expansion 1st time. They usually give us the yearly budget, which is about 5 times the initial test.
Chloe Lannert: One went from the 9 K test, 45 k. Task and 200 k, so I know it's like almost a consistent 5 times increase from an issue to a year.
Chloe Lannert: and I just need to on the satellite
Chloe Lannert: what will allow them to mail that 1st time to then get that new.
Chloe Lannert: I'm looking forward to our long, hard ride.
Chloe Lannert: Good! So well, thanks.
Chloe Lannert: I guess my question here. So I guess we were thinking about the same thing. But on these like questions, like, we're not gonna ask these questions.
Chloe Lannert: He's saying, this is what he wants these like again. None of you should have pre scripted, premeditated questions.
Chloe Lannert: You have a timeline, you have your training.
Chloe Lannert: you go in, and you have a curiosity. I want to know the story behind what you did. He has it because they all paid him twice.
Chloe Lannert: I wanna know what's up. You not only did you pay me, but you paid me twice. You hire me for this project, and then we did this other project for you.
Chloe Lannert: I wanna understand. If you hired anyone else after you hired me, and then you came back, or if you just did me, and you came back to me again, like what's up with that like? There's so many interesting stories to eliminate with that context.
Chloe Lannert: Right?
Chloe Lannert: So we'll talk to you guys in a second about your situation, probably. But like
Chloe Lannert: I can't wait. This is fun, like when you have when you guys have customers like, that's what just gets like a hundred times more powerful
Chloe Lannert: all day.
Chloe Lannert: Cool? Very good.
Chloe Lannert: Who wants to go next? Anyone else, you ready to go last.
Chloe Lannert: But we have Trina, too.
Chloe Lannert: Let's see, here is this helpful guys, am I just like talking too much? Okay, all right.
Chloe Lannert: I got double trends. I got double Meg double.
Trina Das: I think the 1st one is the right one.
Chloe Lannert: That's it.
Chloe Lannert: Hmm!
Chloe Lannert: Oh, it's yes.
Chloe Lannert: let's go. Have you all ever heard of the company called Trump Club
Chloe Lannert: harvest, you know truck club facility. So that's Chicago. A little more people like I I know that company, you know, when they start everything. So anyway, Trump Club is like, what's the there's a there's a there's a women version of it.
Chloe Lannert: It's like a rent. The runway like they should. Yeah, things like that. So trump clubs like an Og version of it. But it was for guys. So it was like they would send you a trunk of like really expensive clothes. You try them on, and you send back that you don't want to keep a bunch of expensive stuff. But in Chicago they had, like their own, like in person location, and you go there and like
Chloe Lannert: no doubts.
Chloe Lannert: all these like incredibly beautiful women, and they're all like, Oh, my God, you look so good! Here's an old fashioned. What else do you need?
Chloe Lannert: You know it's $2,000 worth of, you know. Kind of thing. It looked great. It was like they got sold to North Stem. Great exit, all that stuff. But anyway, that was pretty fun. So yes, car dealerships. This car looks great on you, sir. You're gonna love this. You need to buy this. Ev hummer, you need this in your life. Yeah, let's go.
Chloe Lannert: tell you.
Chloe Lannert: We're kind of in the same problem as Carlo and our business model is similar to like many as well.
Chloe Lannert: We do have repeat customers, but we don't know why they keep coming back to us.
Chloe Lannert: Maybe I'm personable. Maybe they just like me when I go talk to them. So how many we have about 7 recurring realtors? Excellent. So
Chloe Lannert: oh, Barb, I guess that time the mission with this is to begin those conversations and we're gonna separate.
Chloe Lannert: We're gonna talk to both realtors. Who are our champion who recommend our product to the, to the customer.
Chloe Lannert: And then we're also going to talk to the customer who pays for it. The home buyer. Essentially
Chloe Lannert: but we feel the key decision maker in this.
Chloe Lannert: It's probably a realtor. So okay, so question, sorry. Jump in. You have 7 repeat customers.
Chloe Lannert: Would you be happy with a 0 or 2 added to that number
Chloe Lannert: absolutely of the same profile of those 7? Or are there a specific subgroup of the 7 that you prefer more of them
Chloe Lannert: like? Are they all the same? Or is there some sort of distinction between that so small, like high volume? How many high volume do you have? Just 1 1? Yeah. So one out of those 7 represent the high volume that you're looking for
Chloe Lannert: right?
Chloe Lannert: So now, like for the remaining 6.
Chloe Lannert: Is that a group that you'd be willing to abandon?
Chloe Lannert: Not at this point. We- we did more of the other group. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: tell. Tell me more like- like, are you? Are we for real? For real? And that's who we care about serving? Or do we also want to serve a little guy. So
Chloe Lannert: I mean, we would like to serve everyone, obviously. But
Chloe Lannert: we get more business on from that one time one repeat realtor like every month we get. You know where I'm going with this. You know what I'm asking.
Chloe Lannert: It's gonna reshape their approach to product. So if the notion is, I want to design for this group, no matter how small or large you are. That's a very different circumstance. And the big players, if I interview more of you and I focus on you, I would inevitably design systems for you. Now, one thing that can be helpful about taking that approach is, if the other 6 want to become a part of the.
Chloe Lannert: because then, if you design it for the one, they can level up into it. But if instead, you want to serve them as they are, because they're destined to be that way for the rest of their lives, and you care about helping them. That's a different philosophical approach.
Chloe Lannert: Does that make sense? Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: yeah. Want you to know that goes into thinking about this, too. Sure, it's like your company, DNA, your vision we want to serve.
Chloe Lannert: So not every brokerage has like a sometimes, but like typically at the broker level, that's where they decide who they're going to complain.
Chloe Lannert: Did you wanna have a 5 phone call right? Now?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, yeah, I think you're right. So maybe it's like we we've spoken some brokerages where that they do have a transaction coordinators, and what but the ultimate decision of like choosing the inspector balls on either the home buyer or the realtor like essentially with names to the home buyer.
Chloe Lannert: or they just like, Call me and say, Oh.
Chloe Lannert: that's the way it works. But I think for at least for
Chloe Lannert: jobs to be done. I think we should focus on like the sales that we've done. So like going back to the repeat
Chloe Lannert: Rookie filters.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So we want to speak with like home buyers and realtors who
Chloe Lannert: hire us in the past 6 months.
Chloe Lannert: Or being a key decision maker in selecting our service.
Chloe Lannert: and the second part of that is like they should have faced a challenge. So a lot of a lot of the times when they come to us. It's either slight, slow, turnaround time, or
Chloe Lannert: like unclear of like they're passing. It's not something like this.
Chloe Lannert: So the the builders don't get paid, though, right
Chloe Lannert: for me. No, no, yes, it's illegal. It is illegal, for like them to receive compensations.
Chloe Lannert: Yes, when when it's not good, only when it's not good, at least like
Chloe Lannert: from like couple of times that that has happened. That's that's what we've noticed. Like. If if things are going well like you don't hear anything like doesn't get inspection right so. But if they
Chloe Lannert: like, if the presentation was not great, some inspector or something like that, then then we would hear back
Chloe Lannert: and then reach out. Do you get feedback from the end user.
Chloe Lannert: the end user? Yeah, yeah, I'm trying to think,
Chloe Lannert: I think they typically communicate that to the realtor. And then the realtor would tell me only when it's back.
Chloe Lannert: or maybe they're gonna get good feedback, too, which it doesn't. Just
Chloe Lannert: we do send out a survey. So we try to collect feedback from from the home buyers. And in that, like.
Chloe Lannert: maybe like half of half the people reply, they all give like 5 stars. And then we ask them, right? Right? Recommendation. So we get feedback that way. But it's like solicited feedback. So
Chloe Lannert: yeah, yeah, we're gonna target some of those home buyers as well.
Chloe Lannert: These conversations. Yeah, as to why they recommend you right? They can say, I don't like your companies
Chloe Lannert: really cool. And then it's like, Oh, have you heard anything from anyone who's used it? Maybe. Say, Hey, no. Yeah. So we would find a
Chloe Lannert: let me pull that
Chloe Lannert: progress we have. We haven't done any interviews yet. We have 5 interviews scheduled for next week, 3 realtors, 2 home buyers.
Chloe Lannert: and we were thinking of drafting a list of questions. I know it's not recommended. But we'll take that off. It's it's like it's a it's a mental switch, right? Because, like you, instinctually, we prepare questions when we have it that makes sense. But again, if you, if you understand the psychology behind this approach
Chloe Lannert: hopefully, it makes sense that you don't actually need to do that. You recognize it, and actually might be a hindrance to do so, because you'll end up trying to accomplish
Chloe Lannert: a certain criteria questions when you're supposed to have a conversation and uncover something.
Chloe Lannert: It was just useful to have that fry my brain towards.
Chloe Lannert: So my advice there is to activate your curiosity about the purchase. So if you're gonna have any kind of question, it's about your knowledge of their purchase already?
Chloe Lannert: Right? So maybe it could be categorical
Chloe Lannert: like. When did you buy this? Why did you buy this? Where were you when you bought it? Who did you talk to about buying it? Those are the questions that you could just remind yourself you need to default to if you aren't sure what to say, that's okay. But over time, I promise you, if you do that right a couple of times, you won't ever need to have that list to know to ask those questions. You will always be curious about that by default.
Chloe Lannert: That's what gets the conversation started
Chloe Lannert: makes sense. I guess. One thing. So as we're talking about home buyers, right? So some, maybe the product was just recommended by recommended by the realtor and the home buyer decided to go with it. So if we come across a home buyer who says, Oh, just like picked you guys because the realtor said so.
Chloe Lannert: is there anything that I can say like, there's no energy there. Yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: I am more interested in the people who struggle to choose
Chloe Lannert: because other than that, then your job is to focus on the real people prefer you rather than the customer themselves.
Chloe Lannert: So either you want to understand the customers who will resist and question that recommendation, or you focus on the person who's making that referral and how to make sure that they continue to refer you and other people.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So there have been instances where, like the realtor would recommend. But then the customer reaches out to me and was like, Hey, what do you guys expect like? Can you send me a list of things that you guys do. Which group is very interesting for you to start
Chloe Lannert: the refer or the home buyer themselves.
Chloe Lannert: I haven't any, but I will share it. We thought we were gonna do 5 interviews like of each in the next 2 weeks. So like have realtors and also like talk to home buyers as well.
Chloe Lannert: Well, what's your answer to the question, hey?
Chloe Lannert: I think realtors, because
Chloe Lannert: at least, for now they are the ones who generate that I think it's okay that you have 3 and 2 scheduled, because one of those will tell you which way to go.
Chloe Lannert: I'm guessing it's gonna be Rosers.
Chloe Lannert: and whatever that is, my recommendation is, don't continue doing both. Choose one and go do.
Chloe Lannert: Once you've done that, and if you come out of that process going. The there is a there we need to switch cool. I'm pretty sure there's a there.
Chloe Lannert: Okay, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: makes sense, because it's gonna be a completely different conversation. The home buyer is gonna you're gonna unpacking the very than the real.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: And then we're gonna come up with the list of like the most impactful introductions again for you. Especially sorry. Go back,
Chloe Lannert: if you're talking to the home buyer
Chloe Lannert: the whole. I don't know if they'll know anyone else who's recently purchased a home. But probably we've had. We've had like 2 inspections from us. Well, my point is that get them to refer someone else to that don't like you on particular. You're gonna get a lot of people who very easily say, there's someone else I know who's been through this recently.
Chloe Lannert: Right.
Chloe Lannert: So just ask them to introduce you to someone else. We'd like to. We'd love to understand more people like you because we're building something really cool that we'd love to share with you and spread it. What's already, you know, like that?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, that's that's pretty much it sweet.
Chloe Lannert: So alright harves.
Chloe Lannert: And then, after harvest, Trina, and after Trina Meg
Chloe Lannert: probably no time we got 20 min.
Chloe Lannert: It took us an hour to get through 2
Chloe Lannert: afterwards. I'm missing.
Chloe Lannert: It's at the baseline cool.
Chloe Lannert: Alright, so ours is,
Chloe Lannert: honestly, it's more conversational at this point, because we kind of also are like, definitely figuring it out. But we also had recent stuff happen just like on Monday and Friday. So we're trying to. We're kind of going out or input to output and kind of going in reverse way because of recent events. So some of the stuff is a little bit more in a thing, and we have a lot in our heads. So talk to us more than size.
Chloe Lannert: So the the 1st milestone we we did what we believe is our 1st Gtv. The interview and we started up some of that analysis. And we
Chloe Lannert: we there start outreach to what we we consider group A, the reason I'll go challenges and maybe cycle back. As to why, that's a little different, because we change our pricing model. But who has hired us in a little
Chloe Lannert: in a little bit of a flux state. But also we discovered a lot about our 1st paying. True, what we believe is a true 1st paying user. And we want to kind of convert what would have been group C into a group a, we can do that analysis on them because they're a lot more interesting than doing it on group C, which is like using other competitors.
Chloe Lannert: yeah. So we, you know, we wanna basically, we are kind of focused on, like, you know, Andrew is doing leading the outreach strategy and outreach. I'm focusing on analysis post interviews always together as normally but probably, honestly, I'm probably gonna be helping with the outreach
Chloe Lannert: next. So we didn't follow the the normal one here, because we really focus on behavior rather than like a particular job title, which is what we've been struggling with the most. But I think we'll probably, even after this, just pick one of these as a job title and go forward.
Chloe Lannert: so these. Yeah, the the job titles here is, essentially, a data strategy consultant is what we're finding. We're focusing on someone who's working in a small team, right? Not one. Someone who's working at a hedge fund
Chloe Lannert: specific agencies.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, not a big, not a big headphone. They have too much compliance. They've their their sales. Cycles are too slow. We're just not going to learn quickly from that. So we are. What's the what's the break room? What's the struggling moment
Chloe Lannert: I read ahead. Yeah. So okay, so I'll go. Okay. I'll explain the overview of the results of the 1st one. But their biggest pain point is literally gathering the data and getting into the structured format that they needed. Where is that? Where is that?
Chloe Lannert: Well, because this okay, so I was, gonna we were doing it based on behavior. But maybe that should be part of the screen criteria.
Chloe Lannert: The struggling moment is really line one. Hey? Manually viewing public
Chloe Lannert: what it is, what's the problem? It takes too long. And it is a lot of work. Why doesn't it say that?
Chloe Lannert: Because I didn't do? Is that for all of them, or some people who don't like it? Some people who enjoy it do they all hate it.
Chloe Lannert: They all hate doing this. Yeah, yeah.
Chloe Lannert: they hate. They hate the process. Yes, that's that's the that's the number one problem that they think universally, people hate doing this. Okay, the question is like
Chloe Lannert: to distill the moment exactly. The process of doing it sucks. But the exact moments in that process of doing it. The sucks. I guess we can still a little bit more. So if it's universally hated what someone within this group does to do something about. So yeah. So the our user who bought this week?
Chloe Lannert: he tried other solutions and traffic. He tried.
Chloe Lannert: Remember, there's something else in what's the way to solve it.
Chloe Lannert: What's the actual? What's the answer you don't want them to know about?
Chloe Lannert: Well, they can. They could set up if they, if they know how to code which they don't, which is part of the criteria. They don't. That's why it's manually not.
Chloe Lannert: No, but manually is the the keywords.
Chloe Lannert: They're they're they're manually copying pasting those right? That's a part of well, it's so. That's that's where it's a little tricky, is even. I know I know how to code. I still don't like doing it, and it still sucks for me. So whether they know how to code or they don't. Yes.
Chloe Lannert: so I'm trying to. You see what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to PIN down both the contradictions and the clarity. Yeah, so so the the non developer is right now. This is a part, even in that jc, interview that we have. This was like a big sticking point is that I know I could go learn how to do this. I know a bit of python. There are semi
Chloe Lannert: competent programmer, but they're like, that's just so much work. You guys want to serve the developer. So say that shit. Okay, that's what I'm saying. Like, we need to be way more specific here with the actual situation that is ideal for you. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: like you guys are are smart. So like you are filling in the gaps with what you've written here, you need to spell it out. Because eventually you're gonna have a larger team. And other people need to understand.
Chloe Lannert: Right? Yeah, agreed. This main thing is yeah up here.
Chloe Lannert: You said it was too much of a hassle to do it like you
Chloe Lannert: like interview customer. He just won't do it.
Chloe Lannert: Early stage associate investing in consumer.
Chloe Lannert: Our our objective is, you know, we have some we have. We have early paying users. Early on. We change our pricing model, so that kind of reduces it to the like 5. We are also trying to understand. Why did they even try paying for harvest? In the 1st place, when there are things like perplexity or chat gpt. We want to understand what the functional needs are. After they have used harvest. Right? Are they trying to use it to create?
Chloe Lannert: It's the functional needs afterwards? Are they just using it to look at the data like, what is the point of that with harvest? The whole point was that you could source. You know.
Chloe Lannert: all of the content in real time on how it laid out. It's almost like.
Chloe Lannert: why would you want to? It's almost like we're following the value of the heart in doing so, isn't it? Yeah, it is. But it's like, functionally, what are they doing after you?
Chloe Lannert: Right? Are they using that to then train a model? Are they using that to visualize that data, to present to their manager or Gp, are they using that just to do competitive analysis. They can remember in their head what is the next functional steps that they're doing with the harvested dam? That's what we want to know very concretely, because then we can, we can build the right thing for that particular purpose, and only that particular purpose. To begin with. Right? We have some early signs of data. Visualization is actually
Chloe Lannert: one of the one of the key needs key requirements for some of these users. But we wanna, we wanna confirm that through the
Chloe Lannert: severity of the problem. How much of the loans pay? Not sure if that's gonna happen to the interview. So
Chloe Lannert: maybe we strike a line for that? The emotional and social context? Are these the users who are making the investments themselves? Or are they just doing the analysis and presenting it to a manager.
Chloe Lannert: Right? We wanna make sure, like, we want to understand, what is the pressure that they're facing around using that data
Chloe Lannert: outreach. We have our mixed Channel cohorts. Linkedin
Chloe Lannert: have sign up for more, you know, superhuman stuff. Or for follow ups on this.
Chloe Lannert: So yeah, our kind of an overview of the 1st one. This is where we obviously jump in. So this is a paid user paying 30 bucks a month. He's a data analyst at a consumer product. Vc.
Chloe Lannert: we, their best to define the job that we believe this specific user was trying to accomplish. When I'm doing a consumer brand competitor analysis. I want numerical and categorical data from product pages in a structured format so that I can build data visualizations to prevent
Chloe Lannert: my trap. I love this. So this is what I always do. So this part right here.
Chloe Lannert: this all that.
Chloe Lannert: This is somebody. Oh, I see. I see, this is what I want.
Chloe Lannert: We're missing. So I want to unpack. Why, they have to do the competitive analysis for
Chloe Lannert: so yeah. So they're doing a brand competitor analysis. This user wants to build a essentially data visualization or presentation. And why am I doing better analysis?
Chloe Lannert: That is a little bit of what we're. That's why that's just oh, to present to our like, my manager, okay, got it. So you guys have to tell our context. Yeah. So so to, I think he's a Vc associate and consumer brand focus early stage Vc, he's doing this competitor analysis both on potential investments and existing portfolio companies
Chloe Lannert: to see where their position is in the market about in order to make a decision about something. Yes.
Chloe Lannert: what what decision am I trying to make? So in case of potential investments could be investments, we don't know. We don't know for sure. Guys, the context of who we want to talk to need to go. Okay, what are we trying to accomplish here?
Chloe Lannert: Right? So I have a deal I need to be done. I'm trying to get better now. Or is this more generic? Was this the idea that I can do a better job with this? Because I know I do in the general, and I don't have a particular deal I'm trying to get done right now, or am I buying you? Because I actively struggling for something that I'm trying to accomplish? And it takes a freaking money.
Chloe Lannert: So this is an opportunistic moment. Or was this an actual like circumstantial like driver?
Chloe Lannert: Know this? I know this, so I guess I'm asking, not because I don't know. But I'm curious to know what you guys do.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. So he you described it as by the numbers you use that were not real sure. He wants to be rigorous and data driven. He has a stat background, statistics undergrad. And so when he says, if you give me a desk, I can do a lot with it, but getting it is not really worth my time. If I if I can't get it as easy. What was he so so right before like this? And this is your customer, right? So they found you.
Chloe Lannert: Wow!
Chloe Lannert: Me, my outreach being where and someone I've been connect, like someone know, been connected with and reached out through Linkedin.
Chloe Lannert: Okay? So somebody, you know. Only thing you said, Hey, I got this thing. Well, actually, he specifically saw a demo and then reach out to me based on the demo. And what did he say? This is really cool. Okay, got it? And at that time, when he signed up for you guys, was he actively doing due diligence?
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, was it a particular deal? Was it a set of deals? Was it portfolio support?
Chloe Lannert: Definitely? It was
Chloe Lannert: right. That whole premise of I'm here. I'm currently on a deal that I'm trying to do things on. I'm currently so my asked me to help out Portfolio company analysis, or I'm actively seeking deals within a category. And I'm looking at all the competitors in the space.
Chloe Lannert: Those are 3 different potential criteria. Yeah. And they can overlap if you need more than one. But the more you know about the impetus
Chloe Lannert: the better off you'll be with understanding. He was trying to do a specific deal. He was trying to make a decision for a specific deal, and he wanted to put together a data visualization that's like, so let's go back to the screening criteria.
Chloe Lannert: Sorry not the statement, my bad.
Chloe Lannert: the one the statement, the- the when the job state. Yes. So
Chloe Lannert: when I'm doing consumer brand, better analysis for a deal. I'm trying to get over. There we go now. We have a situation. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert: I want to build data visualizations to present.
Chloe Lannert: Not so this is the mistake everyone makes that I want. You can in what you do for them.
Chloe Lannert: You jam in your features what people do, which is a mistake. Here is you take your product and you go. That's what they want. They want what I have right? Forget you like. It's not about you. The job story isn't about you at all. We understand that there's what you might be able to help them with. What they want is the thing that they get from that, not what you do.
Chloe Lannert: So that is the actual outcome, which is what they want, which is what.
Chloe Lannert: So that's the part that that's why I had it in Orange, because that's what we wanted to. In this case it was to to make a good investment.
Chloe Lannert: Exactly, make a good investment. Right? Well, it's not to make a good investment. It's to convince my GPS to make this investment on this deal. So, and if they have personal aspiration, yeah, right? They want to level up. They want to be like they want to start their own fund. They wanna there's some version of their betterment. That is just go. That's what we also want to know, like.
Chloe Lannert: Hey, like, what is the emotional and social context of this. The reason I'm being so obsessive right now is because this is a really I love that you guys are over alignment process. I love you not got an interview. You follow the formula. This is exactly the conversation. I wish I would have more people.
Chloe Lannert: Right? So yeah, you guys ready to move? Yeah, no, it's it's we're. We're super excited. And so like, we, I put quotes because I think they just illuminate more. Yeah, like, there's someone who again, he's like, if I give you the 5 companies, if you please, provide us on. This is a quote that he actually put in. He like wants that he wants sales, price, description, public sentiment.
Chloe Lannert: He wants to. I think this was like illuminating. Why, other ones. He's not. They're not using other ones like, Hey, perplexity. Just gave me a Bs read from this particular website, basically gave him a range of numbers. And it's just like, completely useless for him. He wants an actual. He wants data from the actual website so that he can do. He can categorize it, run mediums any kind of statistical analysis. He wants to do
Chloe Lannert: emotional driver. This is a stats major. He knows what to do with the data. Specifically, he says, I guess this is, yeah. I want to do some set of numbers. So I can be scientific. They're pursuing truth and precision. And specifically going back to this one. It's getting the data. That's always been the barrier in being more rigorous. That's why I was so excited about harness. That's why he felt compelled to even try.
Chloe Lannert: I have a question for Neil. Can you go back to the color coded sentence?
Chloe Lannert: The I want is the ultimate is the data visualization
Chloe Lannert: mean? It sounds like, yeah, right? And it's not just that. It's- it's want to.
Chloe Lannert: What? What data visualization do they want to present. Like, it's a competitive analysis. There's anything particular within competitive analysis and data. Visualization is what we present versus competitive branch. So even more specific. Right? So I'm saying generic a little bit. So because there's a few more layers deep that you go within data visualization and competitive analysis that you specify and see? So my, my next question was, so for the
Chloe Lannert: where the product fits in the house like, how do we think about don't fit the product in at all.
Chloe Lannert: Okay? So it basically, your job is to remove the product from the conversation and focus on like, assume that
Chloe Lannert: there are 5 products that can be.
Chloe Lannert: You and 4 other people could be slotted in for the same job you got, it
Chloe Lannert: can stand behind. I want.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, this conviction conviction is a big part of it. They want to feel like he wants to feel like this. I believe this right? That's that's a big emotional driver like you guys are pursuing precision, pursuing truth. They want to be data driven, but they don't.
Chloe Lannert: The hardest part is just to get it into the format, so they can do that, they know what to do with the data. Again, the hardest part is to gather information.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah, really, quick. Yeah. So
Chloe Lannert: yeah. So again. This is a user who's tried chat gpt pro 200 bucks a month chat plus 20 bucks a month to fire. That doesn't do it for me. I tried deep research. Perplexities, like, sometimes it works, but not always. And yeah. And then he's like, so what I usually do is I just copy and paste it all myself.
Chloe Lannert: And again he keeps saying, I kind of vibe it. He's like, I hate kind of vibing it. I want to be rigorous. Okay, our challenges. We want. We want to be in group A, we want it to be our paid paid on our product right now, because we just changed our pricing model on Friday we essentially reduces our paid users to like less than 5 so it might be
Chloe Lannert: tough to close at 10 to 15. But we're gonna move really fast to try. And but, you know, bring on users. Have a separate group that you're running a process on, and then maybe have a perpetual Jp. In place for for your users as they're on board, so you don't want to do them right away. You want to give them some time to use your product and learn their behaviors and things like that, and especially after they just pay you. It's usually not kosher like immediately try to interrogate them. Give them some time right to use up.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. But you could professionally interview all of your early customers if you have available capacity.
Chloe Lannert: That's okay, too.
Chloe Lannert: So
Chloe Lannert: we're about to get time. I promise one on ones with sales play and trends, and anyone else who wants them, but sales play and trends. I'll I'll fast pass you so we can. Do. You know, we can talk tomorrow. We can talk Monday. We can talk on Saturday. We're just hanging out.
Chloe Lannert: but on on tomorrow or Monday, or anytime next week, we can go deeper.
Chloe Lannert: So I'm sorry we ran over time.
Chloe Lannert: but this is good stuff. Final question here. Has anyone not yet brand new inside sales? Don't worry. I'm not joking. Okay
Chloe Lannert: for those who have not. If you read it, I promise you will benefit, and a lot of what I'm talking about will play for those who have. If what I've said is new to you. You might want to revisit the book to make sure that you comprehend it, because I'm not saying anything different than what the book says. I am giving a little more color and nuance to it. But
Chloe Lannert: it's in there, too.
Chloe Lannert: And then yes, yes, maybe 2 weeks or one week.
Chloe Lannert: and then, because I feel like I've been a lot from asking questions. And even on the other side, it's way easier for me to like Judge what you guys have today than what I've been doing. And so now I was like, have you seen? Have you tried that or that? And like, shoot that as well myself?
Chloe Lannert: So anyway, that's yeah, man. It's almost like I've been doing this for the past 13 years. That's crazy.
Chloe Lannert: Let's go. Yeah. Sounds good, cool. But I don't know if such a session is download.
Chloe Lannert: usually it's with me. But like, I think, what we can do based on what you're saying is like, if you guys want to commit to having a regular time. You can check in on the activity progress that's music to my ears. I would love that.
Chloe Lannert: Make a phone.
Chloe Lannert: Yeah. Well, what I'm hearing, though, if you're hope it sounds like you're open to it, I'll just dial up the number of
Chloe Lannert: let's try it out. Well.
Chloe Lannert: there. You've got one on ones next week. Do you want to like move those to? Yeah, we'll talk
Chloe Lannert: cool. So anything else before me and the speaker will get out.
Chloe Lannert: I'm in the business here. Everybody good.
Chloe Lannert: I box her all the time. It's not a problem. That's why it's Boxer. It's voice. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I'm like, guys. I'm 3 min behind schedule. No, so any other kind of questions. It's been a good week.
Chloe Lannert: You guys, excited about the retreat that was last night, though, was dinner. Good. Okay, sweet.
Chloe Lannert: All right, let's go. Okay. So what I'm thinking is is, I want to volunteer to help with this cooking so like, let's assume that I
Chloe Lannert: are. You guys done with this? Oh, so after that I will.
Chloe Lannert: So what I'm thinking is, is, assume Saturday is done and taken care of right Saturday night dinner? Right? So then, let's talk about like TV. I haven't figured that out. But we will. Okay. So you know, everyone just get there. Have fun on Saturday, right? But then I think Sunday, and then just Monday morning.